{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11440\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey there! This is Ryan and Kyle from Platypus Patrol and we wanted to thank you for purchasing our Cartoon Collectables Pack! A lot of time and effort went into conceptualizing, fine-tuning and creating this art. We strived to make as many varied collectables as possible for you to have tons of options and reusability with our content and to make sure you get your moneys worth from this pack.\
\
Below you can find our contact info and social media accounts if you would like to come into contact with us or follow us. We love to hear your feedback to improve on ourselves and hear about and see how our content is used in your games! We read every email and comment we receive!\
\
Email: platypuspatrolinfo@gmail.com\
Facebook: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/teamplatypuspatrol?ref=hl"}}{\fldrslt https://www.facebook.com/teamplatypuspatrol?ref=hl}}\
Twitter: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/PatrolPlatypus"}}{\fldrslt https://twitter.com/PatrolPlatypus}}\
Instagram: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://instagram.com/platypus_patrol"}}{\fldrslt http://instagram.com/platypus_patrol}}\
Soundcloud: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://soundcloud.com/platypus-patrol"}}{\fldrslt https://soundcloud.com/platypus-patrol}}\
\
We also do custom sounds and music for games. Just send us an email and we will gladly take care of the audio in your game! Just send us an email at platypuspatrolinfo@gmail.com\
\
Our artists work very hard for us and we want to give them a bit more exposure, here they are! Also, if you use the art in any projects, it\'92d be great if you could credit our artist!\
\
Additional Credits:\

\b Logo Art - 
\b0 Bradley Gillingham and James Beavers ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/JamesBeavers91"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/JamesBeavers91}})
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Art 
\b0 - Isaac Oliver ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.behance.net/xketchx-designs."}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.behance.net/xketchx-designs}}
\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 )}